
=head1 NAME

WWW::CPAN - CPAN as a web service

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use WWW::CPAN;

  $meta = WWW::CPAN->fetch_distmeta('Error');

  $cpan = WWW::CPAN->new;
  $meta = $cpan->fetch_distmeta({ dist => 'Error' });
  $meta = $cpan->fetch_distmeta({ dist => 'Error-0.13', });
  $meta = $cpan->fetch_distmeta({ dist => 'Error', version => '0.13' }); # same as above
  $meta = $cpan->fetch_distmeta({ dist => 'Error', author => 'GBARR', format => 'json' });

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Blame Schwern.

  [LINK HERE]

Just kidding. I just appropriated Schwern's idea
and Graham's work. I am lazy -- but that's supposed
to be a quality.

---

  Message-ID: <47706655.60109@pobox.com>
  Date: Mon, 24 Dec 2007 18:09:25 -0800
  From: Michael G Schwern <schwern@pobox.com>
  To: List - Module-Build <module-build@perl.org>, 
   Graham Barr <gbarr@pobox.com>
  Subject: META.json:  CPAN as a web service

  I asked Graham if he'd consider providing META.json auto-conversion for
  META.yml files so we can start playing with CPAN data in Javascript.

  Well here you are:
  http://search.cpan.org/meta/Error/META.json

  Specific versions work:
  http://search.cpan.org/meta/Error-0.17009/META.json

  You can request the META file as YAML:
  http://search.cpan.org/meta/Error/META.yml

  And even ask for information about the last release of a distribution by a
  particular author.
  http://search.cpan.org/meta/gbarr/Error/META.yml

  As a special bonus feature, Graham added auto generation of META for
  distributions which don't have them!  For example, that last META file.  It
  includes bonus information like the CPAN Forum, Testers, Tools and rt.cpan.org
  resource links.

  CPAN distribution data is now available as a web service.  Everybody say
  "thank you, Graham"!
